Well today we had this news
that is being talked about a lot okay
everyone is saying something about this
news the prosecutor's office is asking to annul
Rubiales' trial to repeat the process and
change the judge the prosecutor of the
National Court Marta Durantes has
filed an appeal to
annul the trial against Luis Rubiales
this arguing that the magistrate who
handled the case was not
impartial durantes considers that the
ruling is an offense to the victim and to
all the people who have suffered
sexual assault with her appeal the
prosecutor's office seeks to have the trial repeated
under the supervision of a different judge
alleging the lack of impartiality has
affected the judicial process I said it or I did
n't say it Javi we have a we have the
country that we deserve or I mean me when
Yes yes you said it this is a disgrace or I mean let's
see Look look I don't this
This is how it is legally No
look look look it's that I don't care how it is legally I mean when I saw that trial and I saw the one that is not the one that has not been impartial and she seemed like an activist that we will see on the 8th in Primera fila like one of these
strong eh it was She was precisely the
prosecutor the prosecutor was the prosecutor no the
prosecutor does not have to be impartial no no no no
but what is it was It was pico
shovel I remember the issue of rubiales
that had a lot of influence on why
now she says kissy and before she said pequito
500 times like boom boom however however
with the lady beautiful
camaraderie absolutely everything was the prosecutor does not
have to be impartial Okay
then I wonder eh the prosecutor
Why is the
appeal that she eh has filed going to prevail
over a judge and who is she
really I mean what authority do you have
because she is
right but she is right why is
the prosecutor right here look this happened with
the trial of no no no but I don't Okay go go no no let's
see this the
prosecution has filed an appeal alleging the
impartiality of the judge not be it
impartiality no that it was not impartial noo I have not
seen I have never seen
an entire trial well this I have seen
all the trials all the
statements cannot and I already told you I
told you here eh  I told you here I don't know
if with you or with or with Fran the day we
were I think I said it Also
when we are here in agreement I think I
said it also when I was with
Fran and with Iker talking about this issue I
think I said it also they are going to annul the
trial why because I have seen other
trials that have been annulled for much
less I mean the judge can't make those
types of comments even if he thinks them
you can't do it why Because what
comments Give me the
example what comments the [ __ ] if they were
viral on Twitter all the clips of the
game making a fuss and making
comments like rejecting the person
who was reporting I mean the judge had already made a
clear decision before
interrogating not even the people
well at least rials Oye rials was
sentenced to convicted of
sexual assault to pay a fine of
10,000 per what were they But not for the
issue of coercion And what is it that they
intend that they put
this man in jail for having pecked
a person with a gesture I mean I don't
understand the law the law is what it is the
law  is what it is according to you according to you what
the prosecutor intends according to you what
the prosecutor intends What sentence are we seeking What is
she seeking but if it is that let's see
if it is not you are not understanding with
this with this appeal of the prosecutor that they are
going to accept it or rather Remember that they are
going to accept it because you are right that is how it is I mean
the judge cannot look at the in the
uh what trial was the good one the one in Dallas
with the dog also it was also
annulled you know and I loved what
the judge said and I totally agreed
with what the judge said and with the sentence
that they imposed okay But the judge Made a
few comments that were not
even what this man did and they
annul the sentence and they annul the trial and the
same thing is going to happen here they annul the
sentence and they are going to annul the trial the
trial is going to have to be done again
okay then one second So by
that rule of three that I also saw the
statements of Rejón and Elisa Mad the
judge was hanging out with Niño Rejón
and Elisa Mulia the attitude
of that Judge was shameful  with Elisa Mulia and there So
what happens because it was embarrassing I have
seen the whole thing,
I mean Honestly, what happened with Iñigo Rejón was it a
trial or was it
testimonial, was it a trial or was it
testimonial because I think it was a
testimonial, eh, I think it wasn't a trial
Well look, they were LL it was man, it
surprises me a lot that it was, I don't care what the
investigation signal was, I have V and I mean I
want to tell you, let's go, yes, there will have been
comments, there will have been wives,
but the attitude of the prosecutor precisely, I don't care that it no longer has to be biased, I don't
care about her attitude, the
prosecutor, the prosecutor takes the
side that she wants, for that it is
clear, the prosecutor can take a side in
favor of one or the
other, that is her job in fact, I mean, she is
another of the parties, the prosecution is another
of the parties, so the prosecutor does not
have to be impartial, quite the
contrary, be the prosecutor,
okay, listen to me, okay, your personal opinion,
okay, if the prosecutor presents this
appeal in order to make
the sentence more exemplary and
not only the case of the case, the
sentence not the Let's see, you're not
understanding it No, yes, I'm understanding it, she
wants another judge who is much
more objective, to change the judge so that
the sentence is also changed, not so that it
is the same, no, but she doesn't, although even
if she makes this comment, which
is already a comment that she adds, this
has nothing to do with the reasons why they are
going to annul the, that
is, the trial, they are not going to
annul it, they are not going to annul it because no, because the sentence is
an offense to the victim, no, no, the
sentence is perfect, the sentence is a
value judgment that she makes, that is, it is
the Ju cl but but they are not going to annul it
for this, they are going to annul it for this because
the judge has made comments in the
trial that a judge cl cannot make, yes, I
understand that Javi, but what she
intends or what she would
like or what she desires is that
when this annulment occurs and
therefore a new trial occurs, what
she intends is that when
this new trial occurs, the sentence will be greater
for this gentleman, but that is not
clear to her, maybe, maybe the trial will be
repeated and and the other judge  will decide
Look, it's not exactly the same because in the
end trials are a bit at the
judge's discretion and what one judge sentences to six
months maybe another comes along and sentences to
eight or four, you know what I mean? But
look, the sentence doesn't have to vary.
What happens is that it is true
that, and I said this from the very beginning,
when look at the Asunta case, it also
happened to the judge, it also happened to him, they annulled
the trial and the trial doesn't exist, this
trial, this sentence by Rubiales, they
annulled it and it doesn't exist and the
trial is a joke, it seems to me like a
joke for everyone, the time, the
energy, the investment of everything that has been
spent there and that everything has to be
repeated because in the end,
each one of you will go advised as
advised, it has taken your time, it
is a very mediatic trial that hasn't
lasted a day exactly and that everything has to be
repeated, the whole
process because a lady, a prosecutor in
this case, seems great to me,
considers that even if she is right or wrong,
that the trial is then repeated and
that eh the judge rules for whatever reason, eh
Well a slightly lower sentence
could backfire on her
because what the prosecutor is trying to do
is, uh, that in the end they might
convict her of coercion or instead
of 10,000 it could be 20,000 or something a little
higher You know why, so that Spain
and especially
certain sides say This is, yes, no, this is already
like this women please I'm just pointing out
the fact itself of so many days of so many
sessions for something like this that we
agree on the ugly We agree
on the unfortunate But in what country are
we with all the
serious problems that there are and that often go
unnoticed please it seems like a
tambourine to me when I read it today I said I ca
n't believe it or is this an
opinion eh sincerely it's that but it
seems that they want him to go to jail
boy that they could put him in for other
things but it's that really the the the
trial They're going to accept this from the
prosecutor eh I mean because I think he's
right and and and they're going to accept this  to the
prosecutor and such now then the
trial is repeated, another judge takes the case,
the trial is repeated with the same
conditions with the same witnesses and
with the same everything with the same evidence and
now that judge, in his opinion, will
impose the sentence or not the sentence that he
deems appropriate. No, to me, the sentence that he imposed
seems fine to me because in the end it is a death,
you understand, I mean, the sentence he already had, he
was fired from his job, doesn't that
seem like a sufficient sentence to you? And the
public booing and the media stain, I think you
're enough, no, well, and the mta. Yes, yes,
man. Of course, with that, what happens is that, of
course, people, what they have done is a
media scratch. Now, it is a
death, no, no, no, it is not a prison sentence,
no, but you are convicted of
sexual assault and the stain. I am left closed. I
really am clear that it sounds the same. Look, do you know
where this happened too? HM, I'm not going to
say the names because I don't want to make a
mistake, but there was a case of
terrorism that there was a trial, I
don't remember who it was and I don't want to
say the name so as not to make a mistake, but the
same thing, I mean, when they were playing with
the person, no  I know what I don't know how much because of a
comment from the judge because of a comment
from the judge the sentence was annulled, in other words, the
guy was going to go to jail, I don't know what I don't
know how much and because of a comment from the
judge that was I know if it was something like
man I don't know what I don't know how much I do
n't know a comment that he made like that in the trial boom you can't make that kind of comment
the judge the judge has to listen now he can't
do that kind of thing it's not supposed to be
noticed what he
thinks it's because of a little kiss
the lady pretends beautiful she appeals and tries to
ask for a prison sentence but nevertheless
the pack's sentence is reduced by one year
not because of the law of only Yes how
are we in Spain it's not that
these issues but the sentence of the
sentence of the pack is reduced because
Irene Montero changed the law
Yes but don't go to her to tell her
anything because no no she she no the
judges grab and work with the law that
they've been given you understand Of course it does
n't add up Of course it's not
right obviously no It's logical but
but let's go Ah the best thing is the other Ju
that he does the  trial well first
you know what happens and These are headlines and and they
are things like that Look at this I believe almost
100% that they are going to accept the
appeal and the sentence is going to be annulled and
the trial is going to be annulled What are going to be
the headlines? Rubiales' sentence is annulled
because the prosecutor thought it was
very unfair you know it or in other words they are going to play
as if the sentence is annulled because it
was not enough because it was wrong and all
the r that no they are not going to annul it because of
one because of some behavior of the judge
now another judge will take it and and it will be or it will be
clear is that in the end justice
the judges work based on a law
that is written but it does not stop having
its subjective point because in the end it is a
judge who is evaluating based on the
testimonies and the evidence that there is if a
conviction does not convict without a fine how much
fine
then Well maybe one judge has
thought one thing and maybe another
thinks no, nothing and it
comes out, it can happen
now yes yes yes
if they accept that appeal from the
prosecution that surely Jenny Hermoso will
support it eh if they accept it  that resource the
trial the sentence that we have
known no longer exist at all And
what does it depend on? I mean the person the game
that you get is random
I sense random let's see until d I have
random but from the same this is the
hearing this was the
provincial hearing not of Madrid I think it was No,
yes but it has to be clear that
someone from Seville cannot come I
don't understand that in the same same
court another colleague from another you know what I'm
telling you I understand that it will be I mean no no
and I understand and I and yes there are
judges who are sexist who are
old who will be I have also
seen them and in and in the testimony of Rejón and
Elisa man I appreciated a man who
had his thing behind him that we already saw
later that it is that it was my mother I said
already but if he is the
investigating judge he is not going to annul that The truth
But F was horrible things as they are
I said man What happens also way of
seeing that normally well a colleague
jue no no is not going to have much intention
of correcting another colleague a lot
because it discredits him no So to speak
clear and it is Already clear I mean if it  they
know and such Well, he's not going to want to
discredit him much to correct him much, you
know what I mean, he'll be there, pin
pan, he'll do his job and he'll put in the
sentence that is appropriate. Of course, but
to what extent for the judge
this is already discrediting the fact that they
accepted that appeal. You know why, it
's like I'm not qualified, I haven't done
my job well, publicly, for
me it would be a stain. When I saw the
videos that went viral on Twitter, I
thought about it, I said, But why does he, why does he
behave like that? I mean, no, I
agree with his behavior and
with many of the things he said,
but you can't do it. I can
do it, but he can't. I'm telling you, the prosecutor
can do that type of thing.
The prosecutor can do it precisely. The prosecutor is
there to accuse, to position herself with
one of the parties, of course, it's her job.